0x13-javascript_objects_scopes_closures/README.md, before:

# Javascript - Objects, Scopes, Closures

0. 0-rectangle.js - Defines an empty class Rectangle.

1. 1-rectangle.js - Defines the class Rectangle with width and height attributes.

2. 2-rectangle.js - Extends rectangle class definition so that if w or h are equal to 0, the created object will be empty.

3. 3-rectangle.js - Adds an instance method print() to the Rectangle class which will log the rectangle to the console.

4. 4-rectangle.js - Adds the instance method rotate() which exchanges the width and height of a rectangle, and double() that multiplies the width and height by 2.

5. 5-square.js - Class definition of Square which inherits from Revtangle. Square constructor overrides the Rectangle constructor and only takes the singular argument 'size'.

6. 6-square.js - Create new Square class that inherits from previous Square class and adds the instance method charPrint(c) that prints the square using the character C.

7. 7-occurences.js - A function that returns  the number of occurences in a list.

8. 8-esrever.js - A function that returns the reversed version of an array.

9. 9-loghme.js - A function that prints the number of arguments already printed as well as the new value.

Commit message:

added file 10-converter.js with readme update

0x13-javascript_objects_scopes_closures/README.md, after:

# Javascript - Objects, Scopes, Closures

0. 0-rectangle.js - Defines an empty class Rectangle.

1. 1-rectangle.js - Defines the class Rectangle with width and height attributes.

2. 2-rectangle.js - Extends rectangle class definition so that if w or h are equal to 0, the created object will be empty.

3. 3-rectangle.js - Adds an instance method print() to the Rectangle class which will log the rectangle to the console.

4. 4-rectangle.js - Adds the instance method rotate() which exchanges the width and height of a rectangle, and double() that multiplies the width and height by 2.

5. 5-square.js - Class definition of Square which inherits from Revtangle. Square constructor overrides the Rectangle constructor and only takes the singular argument 'size'.

6. 6-square.js - Create new Square class that inherits from previous Square class and adds the instance method charPrint(c) that prints the square using the character C.

7. 7-occurences.js - A function that returns  the number of occurences in a list.

8. 8-esrever.js - A function that returns the reversed version of an array.

9. 9-logme.js - A function that prints the number of arguments already printed as well as the new value.

10. 10-converter.js - A function that converts a number from base 10 to the base passed as an argument.
