0x11-python-network_1/README.md, before:

#Python Network - 1

0. 0-hbtn_status.py - A Python script that fetches https://intranet.hbtn.io/status using the urllib library.

1. 1-hbtn_header.py - A Python script that takes in a URL, sends a request to the URL and displays the value of the X-Request-Id variable found in the header of the response.

2. 2-post_email.py - A Python script that takes in a URL and an email, sends a POST request to the passed URL with the email as a parameter, and displays the body of the response (decoded in utf-8)

3. 3-error_code.py - A Python script that takes in a URL, sends a request to the URL and displays the body of the response (decoded in utf-8).

4. 4-hbtn_status.pt - A Python script that fetches https://intranet.hbtn.io/status using the requests package.

5. 5-hbtn_header.py - A Python script that takes in a URL, sends a request to the URL and displays the value of the variable X-Request-Id in the response header using the requests package.

6. 6-post_email.py - A Python script that takes in a URL and an email address, sends a POST request to the passed URL with the email as a parameter, and finally displays the body of the response using the requests package.

7. 7-error_code.py - A Python script that takes in a URL, sends a request to the URL and displays the body of the response using the requests package.

Commit message:

added file 8-json_api.py with readme update

0x11-python-network_1/README.md, after:

# Python Network - 1

0. 0-hbtn_status.py - A Python script that fetches https://intranet.hbtn.io/status using the urllib library.

1. 1-hbtn_header.py - A Python script that takes in a URL, sends a request to the URL and displays the value of the X-Request-Id variable found in the header of the response.

2. 2-post_email.py - A Python script that takes in a URL and an email, sends a POST request to the passed URL with the email as a parameter, and displays the body of the response (decoded in utf-8)

3. 3-error_code.py - A Python script that takes in a URL, sends a request to the URL and displays the body of the response (decoded in utf-8).

4. 4-hbtn_status.pt - A Python script that fetches https://intranet.hbtn.io/status using the requests package.

5. 5-hbtn_header.py - A Python script that takes in a URL, sends a request to the URL and displays the value of the variable X-Request-Id in the response header using the requests package.

6. 6-post_email.py - A Python script that takes in a URL and an email address, sends a POST request to the passed URL with the email as a parameter, and finally displays the body of the response using the requests package.

7. 7-error_code.py - A Python script that takes in a URL, sends a request to the URL and displays the body of the response using the requests package.

8. 8-json_api.py - A Python script that takes in a letter and sends a POST request to http://0.0.0.0:5000/search_user with the letter as a parameter.
